Tonight,
Daniel Lubetzky, the founder of
ground-breaking
snack company Kind,
returns to the Tank.
I love you, man, because
you're hanging by a thread
and you don't give up.
Never play with your food.
But food is so much fun
to play with.
Devastating wildfires are
taking over many parts of our country.
John C.: You can get
a real bird's-eye view
thanks to my invention.
Oh, no.
Oh, my God.
We average about a million
a week on TikTok.
My biggest video
is 16 million.
It's going to take time
for people to understand this.
Are you patient?
I was made to be
an entrepreneur,
and I don't want to do
anything else with my life.
The product is
completely nuts.
I told myself
I wasn't gonna cry,
but, like,
I-I have no other choice.
Thank you.
Okay, we're going to
do this, John.
Have fun.
We are.
We're going to do it.
Let's do it.
Confidence. Here we go.
Let's do it all.
Just for us.
We're gonna kick their ass.
Yeah, we are.
First in the Tank
is a unique way
to get up close
and personal with nature.
Hi, Sharks.
My name is Joan.
And I'm John.
We're from Loveland, Colorado.
We're seeking $75,000
for 10% of our company.
Sharks, one of nature's
most magnificent creatures
is the hummingbird.
You ever seen one up close?
I mean, like,
really up close?
Well, they fly so fast,
it's almost impossible
to see their beauty.
But now you can get
a real bird's-eye view,
thanks to my invention.
The HummViewer!
Oh, no.
The HummViewer's a one-of-a-
kind hummingbird feeder
that you wear.
Oh, my God.
Sounds crazy, right?
Well, it works!
That's genius!
That's the best.
The HummViewer offers
a visually spectacular way
to both feed
and observe hummingbirds
right before your eyes.
That is great!
Oh, my goodness.
Man!
The user is fully protected
as the hummingbirds perform
a full-on acrobatic show
as they swoop, dart, hover,
and even fly backward while feeding.
Oh, my God.
That's so cool.
The vibrant red flowers
attached to the clear mask
instantly attract
any hummingbirds nearby.
So, Sharks, which one of you
want to experience the view,
and hum along with us
on our journey
to feed the birds?
Wow.
So what do you put in here?
Is it like a sugar nectar?
Yeah, the sugar water.
And then how long do you have
to sit before they come?
That's so creative.
John C.: We recommend,
until the birds get used to it,
take down the bird feeder
and stand or sit
where the feeder was.
Gotcha.
What do you sell these for,
and what do they cost you
to make?
We sell them for $59.95,
and they cost $10 to make.
How many have you sold?
Oh, we've sold about 500.
Whoa!
That's great.
How did you come up
with this idea?
This all started out
by me making one of these
and taking it to our family's
cabin up in the mountains.
My dear wife decided
that we needed to get on
Twitter and Facebook.
So I tweeted a picture
of my brother wearing the mask.
The TV-- The news company
in Denver,
one of their photojournalists
called, and she said,
"We want to do a story
on this mask."
And I wondered
what the story was, you know?
Is the story
crazy man in the mountain?
No.
Crazy man
in the mountains.
So, maybe that's it.
So, 15 minutes
after they aired it,
I got an e-mail from
a gentleman who said--
All it said was,
"Put me down for a dozen."
I looked at her and was like,
"We might be on to something."
Do you have a patent?
The people that own the
property above our cabin,
he's a retired patent agent.
His recommendation was
to get a patent application.
And then we decided,
"We can make a business
out of this, I think."
Obviously there's a lot
of bird watchers, bird lovers,
a hummingbird community,
I'm sure.
So have you put out videos?
Did you have anybody
within that community
try to help you to sell these?
We did.
I reached out last fall
to a hummingbird influencer
on TikTok.
And he wore it
on his TikTok,
and it's his fourth-most
highest viewed.
He got 5.4 million views
on his video.
Okay, guys,
one thing to know--
I'm sure my fellow Sharks
do not know this,
but I study Greek mythology.
We know.
And in Greek mythology,
the hummingbird
is known as a messenger.
It brings messages
to humans...
and it's given me one.
I'm out.
Well, thank you
for the message.
Thank you.
So, guys,
this is a really great
business/hobby
where you can talk
to your community of people
and have a great time
and experiences,
make some money.
I want you
to enjoy yourselves.
I'm definitely going to use it
from time to time,
but I'm out.
You guys, this is not
something I would be
passionate about.
I think it's awesome
you came up with the idea.
You know, necessity is
the mother of invention,
and you nailed it,
but it's not investable for me.
So for those reasons, I'm out.
Listen, guys, I think
it's super novel,
super cute idea.
I could totally see people
giving these to bird lovers,
and just a lot of fun.
But I do see it,
as my fellow Sharks do,
as something that is a hobby,
a fun thing for you.
I don't think it's something
that's going to make
millions of dollars.
It doesn't need to.
But as an investment for me,
I don't see it
as an investable product,
so I'm out.
O'Leary: You have
one Shark left.
First of all,
I am very interested,
and I'll tell you why.
When my dad passed away...
...all of us saw a bird
outside of where he and my mom lived,
and he loved hummingbirds.
He always talked to us
about the hummingbird.
And they're just extraordinary
engineering feats of nature.
And every time
that we see hummingbirds,
we call each other,
my siblings and I and my mom,
thinking about my dad.
So for me, this is beshert.
This is, like, fate.
I actually think
it can go into novelty stores,
it can do well on Amazon.
I-I can see it being
a fun thing.
Yes.
Do you have any debt?
Not company debt.
We took out a home equity loan
in the beginning to help
pay for the patent
and buy the minimum amount
of these that we could get.
How much of your own money
has gone into this business?
About $40,000.
And what do you need
from a Shark?
I've been in the electrical
business my whole life.
I don't know much about the
retail and marketing industry.
So what we need is
that somebody to help us
set this business up
and market it.
Do you have any inventory
currently?
Yes. We have 1,500 left.
Oh.
We bought 2,000
to begin with.
Okay. Um...
You have $25,000, lifetime,
of sales.
I don't even know
how to value these, like...
Well, that's been
a struggle for us, too,
to tell you the truth.
You'd be a third partner.
I--
So the three of you.
33 and a 1/3 each.
I mean, they did put $40,000
in. That's a lot of money.
Yeah.
I was going to say 50/50,
but I will be, uh, channeling
my kindness of Lori,
and I'll do 35%.
That's a deal!
Let's do it!
Yeah!
Come on!
Come see Daddy!
Come to see Papa.
That's great!
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
Oh, my God.
He's the best.
That was fantastic.
Thanks, guys. Wonderful.
Thank you.
Congrats.
We got it!
Ahh!
Just the one we wanted.
That's salt-of-the-earth
people, man.
I'm so--
I mean, that's--
Yeah.
Great people.
That's why we do the show.
You could have taken 90%
of his company,
and he would have been,
"You got a deal!"
We finally did it.
We did it.
We knew we had a good idea.
We pulled it off!
Yes.
The crazy man
in the mountains did it.
About that...
Yeah!
Next up
is a teen entrepreneur
who started his business
while stuck at home
during the pandemic lockdown.
Hi, Sharks.
My name is Mark Lin
from Burbank, California,
and I'm here seeking $150,000
in exchange for 10% equity
in my company, Sliimeyhoney.
Sharks, ever since
I was little,
my parents always told me,
"Never play with your food."
But food is so much fun
to play with.
I couldn't get enough of all
the different textures, the smells,
and the way it squishes
between your fingers.
I wanted a way
where everyone
could enjoy
playing with their food.
And that's why I created Sliimeyhoney,
gourmet, next-level slime
that looks and smells
like your favorite foods.
We take real-life delicacies
and turn them into playable,
stress-relieving slime.
And the best part-- They're
zero calories, Mr. Wonderful,
because you can't eat it.
Growing up with Asian culture,
one of my favorite snacks
was always banana milk
from Korean markets,
so I turned that into
our best-selling glossy slime,
Banana Milk,
scented exactly like bananas.
Banana Milk is so much fun
to poke, stretch, and squeeze,
and it comes with
the cutest banana charm
and some banana sprinkles,
as well.
With over 100 different slimes
to choose from,
from beginning level
to advanced,
Sliimeyhoney has
the perfect anxiety-relieving,
fun texture for everyone.
There's a reason our new
slime drops sell out every week.
I may only be 17,
but I already know I was made
to be an entrepreneur,
and I don't want to do
anything else with my life.
So, which one of you
is ready to take basic,
boring slime to the next level
with Sliimeyhoney?
Great job, Mark.
All right.
Great job.
I can't wait to smell it,
because you made it sound
like it's amazing.
Oh, yeah,
they smell amazing.
I prepared--
Just to clarify this, Mark,
we cannot eat this, right?
You cannot eat it, unfortunately.
What happens
if you do eat it?
If you do eat it,
you won't die, and--
How do you know
you won't die?
And, also, the second that
you put it in your mouth,
you know that you won't
want to eat it anymore
because it does not
taste good.
Now, is this cookie supposed
to get mixed up into it,
or do I take it off?
Uh, yes, you're supposed to
mix the clay into the slime.
This smells great.
It's a waffle.
How many different slimes
do you have?
There's over 100 different
slimes in my online store.
Where are you making
the slime?
I'm currently
producing everything
out of my house's garage.
My mom does a lot to help me.
She's spent all-nighters with
me packing orders.
I actually hired many
of my high school friends.
There's about 11
in rotation.
They come Monday through
Friday, and they help me
package orders,
package the slime--
They come to your house?
Yeah, they come to my house.
And you pay them?
That's awesome.
That is awesome.
Yes, I pay them.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's awesome.
What's this little
eyedropper thing?
Oh, that, um...
That makes it less sticky.
Makes it less sticky.
That's the activator,
which, if you are having
a problem with
the stickiness of the slime,
you just add it in...
It really makes a big
difference, yeah.
It does.
...and mix it in, and
it should become less sticky.
So, what do you sell
these for, Mark?
So, depending on the slime... Kevin.
...it goes from
anywhere between $10 to $16
on my website,
plus shipping.
And what's your cost
to make it?
So, I produce it myself
in my garage.
It could cost about
$2 to $4 to make,
and then I sell it
for $10 to $16.
Alright, so why don't you
tell us a little bit about you.
So I just graduated
high school. Congratulations.
Congrats.
And I'm currently--
O'Leary: Are you planning
to go to college?
Yes, I am planning
on going to college.
I'm going to UCLA in the fall.
Congrats.
Alright.
Thank you.
And I don't think
that me going to college
will produce negative benefits
on the business
because once I move
into a warehouse,
I'll be able to run
my business successfully.
And I think that
my high school experience
proves that I will be able
to sustain my business
and even continue
to grow it--
What is happening
to Kevin over there?
I mean, there's something
really going wrong.
Mark, can you help me?
I'm-- I'm slimed.
Yeah.
Like, what do I do?
You gotta pour some of
that stuff on there.
I think he poured
the whole bottle.
O'Leary: I can't open it.
Open that up for me, will ya?
Okay.
Having trouble here.
I know. You really are.
And how do you sell it?
The way I market is
I post TikTok videos,
and I currently--
today,
I have 900,000 followers
on TikTok.
Our current business model
was we keep as many slimes
from previous drops
as possible in stock.
And every single week,
I try to come up with
anywhere between two to five
brand-new slimes
to launch to the shop.
So every Saturday,
at 11:00 a. m. Pacific,
I go on my website and I drop
the two to five
brand-new flavors,
and those are typically
the best hits of the week.
And what's your
typical shipping?
Shipping, on average for
one slime, is about $5 to $6.
Ooh.
Okay, so about 20 bucks
all in, typically?
Yes.
What's your total
dollar amount sold?
Okay, so our lifetime sales
is $1.2 million.
Oh!
Whoa!
Good for you, Mark.
You said you're 17?
Yes.
And you must have made
a boatload of money,
because you're gonna
tell us that...
O'Leary: Are you kidding?
...your margins
are huge, right?
Correct.
My margins are huge.
Tell us.
We make about 70% margins.
Wow.
So, two questions.
One, how much have you made
in profits?
And two,
how do you track all of it?
So, in 2020,
we did $50,000 in sales,
and we did $13,000
in profit from that.
In 2021, we did
$580,000 in sales,
and $300,000 profit
from that. Wow.
And, to date, we've done
$540,000 in sales,
and another
$300,000 in profit.
Amazing.
$300,000 over $540,000?
Yeah.
So how do you know
that's right?
My mom is a certified accountant,
and she does
all my books for me.
Good for you.
There you go, then.
That makes it all even better.
Good for Mom. Yeah.
That's amazing, because
literally in high school,
you created a business
that now will pay for all
of your college and then some.
I'm proud of your acumen.
I think you're going
to go very far.
I think this is
just your beginning.
But the slimy-slime space
is not my space,
so for those reasons,
I'm out.
But I wish you just
the very, very best.
O'Leary: I mean,
I'm looking at you, saying,
"Okay,
you're very credible."
I mean, the product
is completely nuts.
But the market decides, right?
Would you be willing to give
my own flavor, Wonder Slime?
Of course we can make you
a Wonder Slime, Mr. Wonderful.
Yeah. I mean, I'm interested
because you're a good operator,
but I have to have
some mechanism
by which I get my capital
back. Otherwise, I'm crazy.
Um, $150,000.
I want 30%.
And we're basically--
You're 2/3, I'm 1/3.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
And we do distributions accordingly.
Well, while you're thinking
about Kevin's offer,
I think that this slime
is very cute.
I really like that you
created something
innovative and different
in the slime world.
But I don't think that I want
to be in the slime business.
I'm all in on you, but you're
doing well enough on your own,
so I wish you good luck,
but I'm out.
Okay. Thank you.
Yeah, Mark, congratulations.
What you've done is
insanely amazing.
I'm jealous.
But at the same time, I think
it's a great business for you,
but I think it's a mistake
to even take investment,
so for those reasons,
I'm out.
Here's where I stand,
and I'll probably help you
with your decision on Kevin.
I agree with Mark that
you don't necessarily need
an investor
at this moment,
and, you know,
you need to go to school.
Education is key.
That's something
that you have a chance
to really accomplish.
You've done
a great job here.
Um, and for that reason...
...I'm in at $150,000
and 25%.
Three Sharks are out,
and Mark has two offers
on the table
for his homemade slime
company, Sliimeyhoney.
Thank you so much
for your offer--
both of you, actually.
So, where I'm at right now is,
I think that my sales have
proven the value of my company.
And so, would either of you
be interested in
maybe raising the dollar
amount for more equity?
Why do you need more money?
Um, I think that
I need more money
to just be compensated
for the percentage
that I'm giving away.
Then I need about $10 million
to be compensated for my time.
Mark, you want to counter
either of their offers?
Yes, I would. Um...
So, would either of you got--
be willing to do
$300,000 for 25%?
You're basically saying
you wanted $150,000 for
12.5%... No.
...at the end of the day.
That's what you're saying.
You're saying the same thing.
O'Leary: I would not do
that deal with you, Mark.
I would not do that deal.
Daymond might.
I would not do that deal. Okay.
I mean, I want to be
in the premium slime business,
because everything about
Mr. Wonderful is premium.
And so that fits
with the branding.
And slimy.
And I want to do
Wonder Slime.
I think that would be
a lot of fun.
I think a lot of
my millions of followers
would want to buy
some of that.
But that's not free.
There's value there,
tremendous value. Right.
You're not willing
to give me any.
That's the frustration.
And that's my challenge,
as well, right, because--
Stick to
your guns, Mark.
I look at it and say,
you must have had flexibility
when you walked in here.
You knew you weren't going
to get a deal at 10%.
That's not "Shark Tank."
Right.
Would you guys be willing
to do $200,000 for 20%?
I'm at $150,000 because
you came in at $150,000.
You keep asking for cash
when you have cash, right?
Right.
I'm at $150,000. We can play
with the percentages...
Okay.
...but I'm not going
to go over that,
because that's what
you came in for.
And you're good on cash
at the moment. Right.
Because all the things we're
adding is not going to be cash
when you have my team
and all this and marketing. Right.
O'Leary: Mark,
I think I have a solution.
Counter with
a lower equity.
I think I have a solution. Okay.
You come up with the most
equity you're willing to give
right now
in your moment
on "Shark Tank,"
we decide yes or no.
Each of us can make
that decision. Yeah.
You have to come up at--
for $150,000.
It's not 10%. It's gotta be
higher, obviously.
Right.
What is it?
Would you guys be willing
to do $150,000 for 20%?
I'll do that deal.
I'll do it for 20%, as well.
Now it just depends
on which Shark you want.
Okay.
Which one do you think
would be a better mentor?
Mr. Kevin O'Leary?
No. Which one could
sell more slime
is what you should
be asking.
Or the one with the child?
He wanted a mentor.
Um...
I've already got my hands
dirty with your business.
That's true.
Super dirty.
Because he didn't know how
to play with slime.
That's true, too.
What are you
going to do, Mark?
Um...
Sorry, guys. This is a lot of-- Greiner: No, it's alright.
Why don't you turn around
so you can think for a minute
without staring at us?
Do you need some slime
to reduce the anxiety?
I'll use the slime.
Yeah, yeah.
We don't want
to stress you out.
It's an important decision.
Mm.
Daymond, I will take
your offer.
Yay!
Whoa!
Good deal!
You got a partner,
and we defeated evil,
all at the same time.
I'm sorry, Mr. Wonderful.
O'Leary: That's alright.
Don't be sorry.
Congrats, Mark.
Thank you so much.
Congratulations, man.
Congrats, Mark.
We'll be great partners.
Yes.
I believe in you.
And we're going to make sure
you go to school. Yes.
And I'm gonna help you
with this business, alright?
Okay.
Tell Mom and Dad I said,
"What's up?"
Okay.
Alright.
Thank you. Congratulations.
Congrats.
I'm so glad that
I was able to get a deal
and gain the mentorship
of a Shark,
which is really
what I came in here looking for.
I just felt a spark with
Daymond over Mr. Wonderful,
who was having a really
hard time playing with it,
and I think that it was just
a better partnership overall.
In Season 10,
we watched Anna Skaya
make a deal with Kevin O'Leary
for her cat DNA test company, Basepaws.
- Let's do it.
- Alright.
Let's see what
she's up to now.
When I first pitched
on "Shark Tank,"
we had a four-person team,
and we just hit
$200,000 in revenue.
Since closing a deal with
Kevin, we have over 30 employees,
and last year,
we hit $3.5 million in revenue.
Today, I'm in Parsippany,
New Jersey,
to meet with the CEO
of the world's leading
animal-health company.
When we think about taking
the genetics of Basepaws
and we combine it with
Zoetis' ability to predict,
prevent, detect, and treat,
together, we're gonna
create a new world
for precision animal health.
Zoetis creates some of
the world's best
medication for pets,
and we believe
that our database
holds an enormous amount
of value
to the development
of vaccines and medication.
The Basepaws vision
resonated so well
that company
made an offer to acquire us,
and that offer was for
more than $50 million.
Basepaws started
on "Shark Tank,"
grew with "Shark Tank,"
and we are so proud to be
part of this outcome.
Basepaws is such a success
story for "Shark Tank"
'cause it proves,
if you work hard,
the outcomes are extraordinary.
Anna's a wealthy woman today
because she delivered.
It only took her three years.
Remember, this acquisition is
over $50 million cash.
That's what I like.
Did I say that right?
Cash.
I will continue to run
day-to-day operations
at Basepaws
with a focus on new test kits
to understand not just our
cats, but also our dogs.
The launch of our dog kits
expands our reach
to 69 million new households
in America.
Today is a huge milestone,
not just for you
at Basepaws,
but for us here
at Zoetis, as well.
We've gone from
a very small company
to now being part of
a $8 billion organization,
creating products
that will change the world.
It's a very humbling
place to be.
We are now entering a much,
much bigger phase
where our tests
will create value forever.
Next up
is an innovative solution
to fight a growing problem.
Hello, Sharks.
My name is Bianca Wittenberg.
I am from El Dorado Hills, California,
and I am the co-founder
of FireFighter1.
Today I am seeking $150,000
for 15% equity of my company.
How many of you know somebody
who's lost property due to fire,
been evacuated,
or had a fire scare
themselves?
Increasing temperatures and
drought are limiting resources,
and devastating wildfires
are taking over many parts
of our country.
As a homeowner,
you don't have many options.
If there's a fire,
you could evacuate
and hope
that the fire department
has enough resources
to help protect your property,
or you could grab a garden
hose and spray your roof
and perimeter,
hoping for the best.
That's what my dad
would see people doing
while watching news coverage
of the wildfires every single year.
He knew there had
to be a better way.
So many of those homes,
just like ours, had pools.
It got him thinking, what
about fast access to pool
water?
And FireFighter1 was born.
FireFighter1 is the first
affordable resource
designed for pool owners
to quickly access
the average 25,000 gallons
of pool water in seconds.
If there ever is a fire,
you grab your
FireFighter1 hose
from its stored location,
connect our adapter to
your pool pump, just like that,
grab the nozzle,
be ready,
turn the pump on, aim,
and in less than 30 seconds,
spray valuable pool water
a distance of 40 feet at a
rate of 80 gallons per minute.
That's pretty cool.
This is a 35-foot roof line.
In about 7 minutes, you could
drench the entire property. Wow.
So, Sharks, together we can
keep properties safer from fire,
and I can continue building
the FireFighter1 legacy
for my dad.
That's very cool.
What happens
if you've been--
if you've been instructed
to evacuate?
If you've been instructed to
evacuate, you evacuate.
But a lot of times, a fire is
a couple miles in the distance,
and embers fly over a mile,
so the fires jump.
You could wet the property
well before you're evacuated.
Or in other instances,
you know, a backyard barbecue,
something happens,
and you want to put that out
before a fire spreads.
Are you just
selling the hose?
So, I'm selling the hose
with the adapter.
You already have the pump.
That pump is a standard pump
in every pool?
So, this is standard.
Our adapter is not standard.
So what you do is you have
your pool person
install the three-way valve.
It takes
only about 15 minutes.
So it takes some proactive.
You're gonna have to get
your pool guy or pool girl...
Yes. Yes.
...or whatever.
Yeah, but then you
leave it that way?
And then you just leave it.
It's a one-time thing.
And many people already
have these installed
with an open port
just for an out spout.
So when you have those,
which ends up being about
25% of my customers,
you just add our adapter
onto that three-way valve,
and you're good to go.
What do you sell it for,
and what does
it cost you to make?
This 50-foot unit,
I sell for $499.
It costs me about
$124 to build it.
Wow.
And that's right now.
I'm only building about
25 to 30 units at a time,
so I could definitely
increase my margins.
The 100-foot sells for $399,
and it costs me
about $200 to make.
Educate me.
So, I was assuming, when
these fires come through, that,
I mean, it's just timber
and a lot of things falling
right onto the property.
That is something that
a drenched property--
it would not solve that.
But you're saying
it's really the embers?
So, that's a huge problem.
It's the flying embers.
Because the embers fly
more than a mile.
They hit another roof line,
they hit some
dry patch of trees,
they hit a bunch of trash,
anything catches.
Got it.
And then it spreads again.
And these embers
are just, like...
So that's a huge problem.
...they're large pieces of--
Yep, just pieces of debris
that are kind of flying,
and they'll pick up air and
then they fly to a new place.
The windier,
the worse it is.
I'm curious.
You talked about your father,
that this is his invention.
Yes. Yeah.
So I would love to hear
about you,
your background,
and your father.
This was his idea. Like I
said, we're in Southern California,
and we, every single year,
would have different fires occurring.
And one day, he looked
at the pool and he said,
"Why don't we have access?"
Obviously, a lot of us
have pools.
So he started
looking into it,
and there are some big pumps
where you could buy
a separate engine
and drop it into the pool,
but they're expensive
and many people can't afford
to spend thousands of dollars
on something.
So he came up with
FireFighter1 when we were kids.
He passed a little bit
over five years ago,
so I started redeveloping it.
So, can the firemen
use your product in some way
to help them
to fight the fires... Yes.
...by draining pools
if they needed to?
Absolutely.
So, the goal in the long term
is that fire departments
would know
where every single one
of these is,
and they could use it.
And I'm really surprised
Kevin O'Leary didn't
ask you this.
Let's hear it.
What are your sales?
We just launched
this February 2022.
My cash flow is
$22,000 in sales.
And how many units
is that?
I've sold 49 units, actually.
Okay.
Yeah, just under 50 units.
You're just starting.
The sales are
generally small,
but that doesn't
mean anything, right?
Well,
it means they're small.
Where did
the sales come from?
I've been partnering with
pool companies
because they already have the
relationship with pool owners.
And are you paying them
a commission?
Exactly. So I pay them--
How much do you pay them?
So, if they just sell the
units themselves on a
commission base,
they get 20%.
If I have a pool store
who's buying inventory,
it's 25% to 30%
off wholesale,
depending on
how many units they buy.
I love the space of
helping people stay safe.
It means a lot to me.
But, um, I feel that
this is not a place
where I could
add enormous value.
So, regretfully, I'm out.
But I wish you the very best.
Look, Bianca, um, not
every business is investable.
Because you're so nascent,
you're so early.
You're so just figuring out
how to sell it.
It has merit,
but I just...
My feeling is I could make
hundreds of dollars.
You could make millions
of dollars.
I don't know that.
And so could I.
You have to go prove that.
And so could a couple of
Sharks if they want in.
So, for that reason,
I'm out.
I think you're on
the right path to success
by figuring it out small.
I don't know anything
about this.
You see,
you are educating me. Yeah.
I don't think
I could add value.
I think a lot
of people need this,
but I wouldn't be able
to help you.
So I'm out.
Thank you.
Thank you, guys.
Bianca, listen.
In my opinion, I feel like
this is the type of product
that needs a lot
of mouthpieces behind it...
And that's why I need--
...and promotion,
and I think this is
one of these things that,
Mark, if you're willing
to go in with me, Okay.
I think that we'll just
help figure it out.
But I--
Let me just ask--
Let me ask a question.
Are you patient?
Yeah, absolutely.
I'm very patient
and I'm very hard working, yes.
This is a patience
business, right?
I know.
To Lori's point,
some of
the greatest changes,
you know, entrepreneurial
changes, took time.
Absolutely.
Right?
It's going to take time
for people to understand this.
for word to get out. Right.
But the good thing
about this business--
there's a lot
of great leverage points.
Yes.
Because all the pool servicers
all throughout California,
the minute
there's a wildfire
and someone's, you know,
home is threatened,
all of a sudden,
they understand it. Right.
So, Mark, she's asking for
$150,000 for 15%.
So, I mean, we're gonna have
to do quite a bit of work
to help you here.
It'll be a slow burn, literally.
You're gonna need
a lot of us, so...
I understand that.
So, $150,000 for 25%.
For 25%? For both of you?
The two of us.
For both of you.
Don't let
that hose get away.
Don't let that hose get away.
Would you guys do it
for 20% for both of you?
Nope.
No.
Ha! I could tell
by your faces.
You have a deal.
We have a deal, yes.
No, we have a deal.
I need to do it,
for sure.
We need to help this world.
Oh, my gosh.
I'm so excited.
Thank you.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you, guys.
No, it's good.
Congratulations.
Bye, guys.
Congrats. Congrats.
Oh,
I need to start working
to start getting
FireFighter1 to people,
and to start showing my dad
that he did not disappoint,
he didn't let us down,
and that we're gonna
help people.
Yeah.
Next into the Tank
is a way to make the most
out of your workouts.
Hey, Sharks.
My name is Kalaii Griffin II.
I am the CEO and founder
of ShredSkinz.
Today, I'm seeking $60,000
for 20% equity of my company.
Now, Sharks,
there are usually two ways
to feel instant satisfaction
after a great workout.
One, you push yourself
to the limit
where you're so sore
the next morning,
it just feels so good.
And, two, being covered
head to toe in your own sweat.
But with the current sauna
suits on the market today,
if you don't clean
and dry them properly,
you might irritate
your skin really bad.
Mark, you've gotta know
what I'm talking about.
I know exactly.
I sweat when I think about it.
Right.
I mean, the only other option
is using a trash bag.
Who wants to use a trash bag?
Ew!
Let's save that for the trash
and use ShredSkinz,
the first and only
single-use sauna suit
on the market today.
At ShredSkinz,
we use an eco-friendly plastic
to conveniently show you
your massive sweat progress.
With our unique design,
we have elastic
around the waist and the wrists,
and on top of that,
a drawstring on the hood.
This allows you to trap heat,
minimize your time warming up,
and maximize your time
actually working out.
And it just makes
you sweat faster.
So I hope you make a deal
with me quickly.
Let me show you what I mean.
Ah!
Oh, my.
That's all real sweat.
Don't believe me?
Check this out.
O'Leary: Ah.
Ew!
Ah!
O'Leary:
Singing my song.
Wait, that's a joke, right?
Not a joke.
That is all real sweat.
But, see, that may be their
favorite part about ShredSkinz,
but let me show you my
favorite part about ShredSkinz.
Ahhh!
Kevin, show him how
to really do it.
Now, Sharks,
I know what you're thinking
when you hear "single-use,"
but we use an
oxo-degradable plastic,
soon a newly-developed resin
to help break that plastic down
even faster,
as we strive to be
as eco-conscious as possible.
This way you can feel just
as good about using ShredSkinz
as you do wearing ShredSkinz
during a workout.
So, Sharks, which one of you
wants to shed fast, easy sweat
and shred fast, easy money
with ShredSkinz?
You guys all have samples
in front of you.
Check those out
while I put my shirt on. Alright.
Great job. Yeah.
You're lucky
Barbara's not here.
Explain to me
the target market, okay?
And is it just
to lose weight?
The ironic part is ShredSkinz
actually does target women
because women carry
a ton of water weight.
But also, my biggest market
is athletes and fighters.
Fighters need this, one,
to make weight all the time. Oh.
This isn't something
that I created
that didn't exist before.
What didn't exist
is the convenience of it.
So it allows you to, again,
minimize your warm-ups
so you can heat up that
core temperature in your body
and actually get
to your workouts.
And then, some people
love the sweat.
Some people love the idea
of looking at their sweat
while they're working out.
There's also if you need to be
ripped for whatever reason.
I'm going to be a little bit
more doughy if I don't sweat,
and I'm a lot more ripped
if I do sweat.
Because that's what guys do.
So what you're saying is that
it's all water weight.
Yes, exactly.
Like, so, if I need to
fit into something I can't,
I'm a little fluffy...
Just-- Just to--
...I can just put this on,
and it might fit me better?
Maybe.
So just to be clear, right,
I-I never promote this
as a get skinny,
fit fast product ever. Right.
The goal is to, yes,
give you that safety net
where if you do need
to make a certain weight
or you want to go on those
jogs and those runs
'cause you know you have to
fit into your wedding dress,
or you know you have to make
that weight cut for your fight,
you know you have an option
to do so and it's convenient.
I love the fact that you're
not overselling
and that
you're underselling.
That's a great gift
for an entrepreneur
that has self-confidence.
That you said
you're not trying
to make silly
weight-loss claims. Right.
I really love
what you said.
O'Leary: Is there enough
of an established market
that knows the merits of this,
or do you have to educate
people to wear these?
I believe that, in my market,
everyone loves this product
because it's convenient.
But it's a subset of people
that work out...
Mm-hmm.
...that put on a plastic bag
on themselves.
So how do I find them?
How are you finding them?
Yeah.
I blew up on TikTok.
One of my biggest videos is
17-- or 16 million,
and we average about a million
a week on TikTok because--
Wow.
O'Leary: What does that
translate into in sales?
A million a week on TikTok
gets you what?
Sure. So when I first started,
October 2020,
I did $15,000 in sales
in those two months.
I was like,
"I'm ready for 'Shark Tank.'
Yes. 15K, it's more than I've
ever made in my life.
Put me on."
What shocked me was,
the next year,
we did about $190,000
in sales in Q1.
Really?
Yes, sir.
And year to date now,
we're a little over 100K,
and we're projected to do
a quarter million this year.
What?
So how much did you do
in revenue last month?
We did about $23,000.
And how much did you
make out of that?
About $5,000.
That's still not bad.
That's not bad.
Now, are you running--
Tell us about you.
Tell us about
your background.
I'm an ex-college football player.
Where'd you play?
I played linebacker
for UTEP,
University of Texas
at El Paso.
Obviously, it didn't work out.
I broke my arm my senior year.
But I'm a dad,
dad first, always.
My wife and my son and I,
you know, you spent the last
four years chasing the dream.
I remember I was training
for these leagues,
and I was using a trash bag,
just like I was saying.
And I kept
feeling embarrassed
leaving the house using
a trash bag.
So then I would go
and I would get
these reusable ones.
Mind you,
I just got out of college.
I have no money.
I keep spending $20
on these reusable suits
that would rip on me
every time I'm trying
to do a pass rush move.
So it would rip on me,
and I remember I looked it up,
and I said,
"Single-use sauna suit."
And it didn't exist.
And I looked it up everywhere.
I looked it up everywhere.
And I remember
I turned to my wife, I said,
"I'm going to start
a company called SweatSkinz."
And she was like,
"Ugh, no."
And then it hit me.
So ever since then,
it's just been
a serious grind.
I've been trying to get my
family back in the same house.
I stay with a few friends,
sleeping on the couches,
doing the
entrepreneurial thing.
They stay with
my mother-in-law,
and I've just been
grinding ever since.
And it's been a journey,
but it's been great.
You're making
five grand a month.
Why are you living
in a separate house?
Because I still--
I do owe debt.
Tell us about the debt.
My debt comes from my partner.
He kept giving us money
to keep the inventory demand up.
How much have you raised?
Well, he-- Okay, so he gave
me $25,000 for equity.
He owns 25%.
He put a loan through
the business for $100,000.
$100,000?
Correct.
Why can't
you live at home?
Because I can't take a salary.
I-I have a job now.
I had to get a job
two months ago.
That's fine.
That's fine. That's fine.
And it's away from home?
It's not in the same city?
Correct.
Yep. It's in Boston.
They're in South Carolina.
Oh, got it.
There we go.
So what are you doing
in Boston?
Yep,
I work in cyber security.
Boston is extremely expensive.
Nothing against Boston, but
I'm leaving there as soon as I can.
Kalaii, I want to understand
one thing.
I see you here,
and you have,
like, this supreme
self-confidence.
But then you're telling me
a story where other people
would be defeated
and depressed.
But I feel like you're...
Yeah.
...maybe 'cause
on national TV,
not showing us
your struggles.
Can you be very earnest about
where you are today
with this this business
and with your life?
100%.
And honestly, full
transparency, I always told myself
I would never come
onto "Shark Tank" and cry,
but it's because
I've been through worse.
When I was 13 or 14,
I lost both my parents.
I had to find a way through
football to get a scholarship.
I have a little brother
that I had to help take care of.
I've been through worse.
And I have a son.
I'm a dad, so I can't--
I can't fold.
Like, I can't-- like,
I have to make him proud
because my dad made me proud
when he was an entrepreneur.
I told myself
I wasn't going to cry,
but, like,
I-I have no other choice.
Like, I owe debt,
and I pay it back every month.
I went and got a job
because I didn't want
to take from the business.
Everything I put back
was into the business.
I don't like owing anything
to anybody.
I have a son that I want
to pass this down to one day.
I never thought
I would create this business.
It seems silly
when you think about it.
You think of,
like, a trash bag.
But they say some of
the craziest inventions
that you come up with,
come up with things that
you've already done every
single day.
How much inventory
do you have right now?
About $35,000 worth.
How much did you pay
for the inventory?
We bought $80,000 worth.
Our cost is $4.17
per 5-pack.
We sell it for $19.99.
What is a minimum-size order
from the the maker?
10,000 to get it
to that cost of 55 cents.
It's $4.20
for 5 in a package, right?
And that includes
the packaging?
Yup.
Right.
And so, there's 5 of them.
That's $2.75.
So the packaging itself
is a $1.50?
Right.
For me, I don't see how
there's room for an investor
in this,
or other investors.
He's ahead of me
on the cap table.
I'm an equity investor.
He's got the debt.
He's first.
I get it.
I wish you the best,
but I'm out.
Thank you. Um...
I guess,
to really answer that again,
if I have the inventory,
I will sell the inventory.
There has never been a problem
with me sitting on inventory.
Last year, we sold out
five times.
How are you
selling this right now?
Only direct to consumer
or in any stores?
Only direct to the consumer.
So, I think there's tons of
merit to what you've done here.
Sometimes you take the nugget
of the simplest idea
and you turn it into something
that really can become
something great.
You're so honorable
and so good.
I love you.
I just don't think
that the product
is the right fit
with me.
So for that reason,
I'm out.
Thank you so much, Lori.
I appreciate it.
Daniel,
what are you doing?
I love you, man,
because you're so honest.
You're so honest,
and you're so real,
and you don't give up,
and you're hanging
by a thread,
and you're just going for it.
So I would love
to give you a hand.
I will give you the $60,000,
and I'll do my best to give
you a hand for your 20%.
Thank you so much. Um...
Wow.
Yeah.
He just offered you exactly
what you came in asking for.
Wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait.
Let's talk.
Two Sharks are out,
and Daniel has offered Kalaii
exactly what he came in
asking for--
$60,000 for 20%
of his single-use sauna suit
company, ShredSkinz.
But Mark may also
be interested.
Wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait.
Let's talk.
If you were to send an order
to somebody
that didn't have
the fancy bag... Right.
...would they
still be happy?
I mean, there's a handsome guy
on the back of there, but, um...
Not really.
But, yes, they will--
they will be happy.
They're not gonna care, right?
Correct.
Right, so you can add
almost 10% more,
a $1.50 more per unit.
And you sold 12,000 units, right?
That's $18,000
in your pocket... Right.
...if you don't use these.
So now, all of a sudden,
you're making money.
So, I'll do the deal.
I can help you just with
basic guidance, right?
So I'll give you the 60 grand
for the 20%.
Wow.
What are you looking for?
What do you need?
Manufacturing and inventory,
for sure.
Well, you do have two offers.
Daymond, what are you doing?
I think you need to consider
the offers on the table.
Yeah, for sure.
I want to say, I-I love the
way you feel about me.
I-I appreciate that passion,
and that alm--
that really made me tear up.
And I appreciate that. I'm
glad that you see that in me,
and I'm glad all of you
see that on me,
because I'm very hard
on myself
because I have to be
that rock for my son.
I can't let him see the
struggles that I do go through.
Um...
But with that being said,
Mark, you got yourself a deal.
Let's go.
Let's go!
Congratulations.
Yes, sir.
Good job, man.
We'll get this done.
Yes, sir.
Thank you so much.
Congrats!
You just won in the Tank.
Thank you, guys.
I appreciate you.
Thank you.
Good luck, Kalaii.
Thank you so much.
Do I help clean this up?
Don't worry about that.
Alright.
Aww.
Hard-working man.
Yes, sir.
He's so sweet.
He's like, "Can I clean up?"
I've never seen an
entrepreneur pick up his own trash.
I know, right?
Let's go, man!
Let's go!
Though I loved Daniel
and I loved his offer
and I appreciate him,
I felt like Mark
was more up my alley,
and I feel like
I can expand more
with having someone
like Mark Cuban on board.
Captions by VITAC--